I'm here to divorce Du Chen
Divorced Lin Lao
Didn't we discuss the marriage?
What are you doing?
Du Chen spent money on female live streaming hosts
It's all over the Internet.
I don't want to marry such a playboy
It was originally planned to marry the two
But I can't suffer my granddaughter
Today's matter is too involved
You must give me a reasonable explanation
Du Chen is all done by you
Come over and kneel down and apologize to the leader
I didn't do anything wrong.
Why kneel?
I thought
You can make a splash in the virtual currency market
Developing new semiconductors
Courage and courage
Now it's just luck for you
If this thing continues to ferment online
The future is ruined
Never come back
Lu Chen, now I see what else you want to fight with me
And that's not easy.
It will be fine when the processing results of Xunbos come out.
The investigation is only now starting
I'm afraid this clue has long been broken
If Du Chan really finds the clue
I'm going to be implicated
Third, what are you panicking about?
Are you supporting him behind his back?
Gambler, what nonsense are you talking about?
How could your brother frame you?
How can this be considered a false accusation?
There will be results soon.
I'm too lazy to ask about your family affairs
I'm going to divorce Du Chen today
If Miss Lin is willing to break off the marriage
It's not that I can't
Anyway, it won't be me who suffers in the end
Shut up